Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/abstract-classes/controller/constructor/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: constructor
description: Controller abstract class constructor
---

# Controller Constructor

> Constructor method of the `Controller` abstract class. It must be called with the application instanciated [Backend](/core/2/framework/some-link) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructor method of the `Controller` abstract class. It must be called with the [Backend](/core/2/framework/some-link) class instantiated by the application.
```

## Arguments

```ts
constructor (app: Backend);
```

<br/>

| Argument  | Type   | Description            |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------- |

> | `app` | <pre>Backend}</pre> | Application instanciated [Backend](/core/2/framework/some-link) class |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `app` | <pre>Backend}</pre> | Application instantiated [Backend](/core/2/framework/some-link) class |
```
